Move indexed-traversable instance (#54)
ekmett/comonad: CHANGELOG.markdown

5.0.7 [2020.xx.yy]
------------------
* Move `FunctorWithIndex (TracedT m w)` instance from `lens`.

>   The new `indexed-traversable` can be disabled using the flag of the same name.

Reviewer: This sentence reads a bit strangely to me. Perhaps rephrase it to this?

```suggestion
  This instance depends on the `indexed-traversable` package. This can be disabled using the flag of the same name.
```
